We expect a negative association between situation awareness and unsafe actions.
We expect a negative association between sleep quality and unsafe actions.
Priming self-enhancement-related goals and cognitions will lead to increase of self-enhancement values
Priming conservatism-related goals and cognitions will lead to increase of conservatism values.
We predict that believed/imagined fame will increase perceived attractiveness
It is expected that the dimensions of emerging adulthood (particularly feeling in between, instability, and self-focus) will be significantly related to perceived stress.
The higher citizens' level of education, the more likely they are to participate in the referendum
We predict that each of the four types of songs we play to listeners (lullaby, dance, healing, love) will exhibit a distinct pattern of listener responses.
The source of knowledge weakly predicts the perceived practical value of pedagogical knowledge.
Populist protest voting led to a rejection of the referendum
The probability of selecting the incorrect die will be positively associated with the ambiguity of the target cross position.
It is hypothesized that imagining walking in-step with people will significantly increase group cohesion amongst those involved.
First, because peers play such an important role in the adolescent social ecology, our participants will be more inclined to make a risky decision that benefits a peer at the expense of a parent, suggesting that peers are more impactful to adolescents when making decisions.
Math anxiety will be significantly negatively correlated with probabilities knowledge, math calculation fluency and income, and significantly positively correlated with general anxiety and test anxiety.
More realistic stimuli in false belief change-of-location implicit ToM tasks lead to a looking pattern indicating belief processing, measured through greater differential looking scores (DLS) and significantly more first saccades towards the belief-congruent directio
The number of contributors will effect the complexity and/or community rating of an image evolved on the Picbreeder website, above and beyond the complexity and/or rating gains made by the total number of iterations alone.  Directionality is not predicted.
We hypothesized that removing the disc we will have a serious degenerative process and a histologic score for high degenerative process.
We hypothesized that using a biocompatible biomaterial we will obtain a non-degenerative process in TMJ.
Those in the 'Prepared' condition will also score higher on measures of political conservatism (directional).
There is a positive correlation between deliberate reasoning and willingness to expend either cognitive effort or physical effort
Plants at higher elevation will have later spring phenology dates and earlier fall phenology dates
Overall, higher levels of gym attendance are associated with higher academic performance.
Processing abilities improve with age
Positive prediction errors stemming from both professional sports and sunshine will positively predict subsequent lottery purchase rates in New York City (directional).