Network diversity increases ambivalence, i.e. the more diverse an individual's network at time 0, the higher the ambivalence at time 1.
Discriminators will be less high on agreeableness.
Discriminators will be less high social desirability.
Greater political conservatism will be associated with lower support for abortion rights.
Greater political conservatism will be associated with greater sexism.
The Autonomy/competence manipulation will alter participants' hypothetical willingness to take a bitter tasting medicine.
The Autonomy/competence manipulation will alter participants' reports of how respected, autonomous, competent, and high status the medical student made them feel. 
Urbanicity will be positively associated with behavioral and emotional problems.
Urbanicity will be negatively associated with basal HPA axis functioning.
We expect a negative association between situation awareness and unsafe actions.
We expect a negative association between sleep quality and unsafe actions. 
Priming self-enhancement-related goals and cognitions will lead to increase of self-enhancement values.
Priming conservatism-related goals and cognitions will lead to increase of conservatism values.
We predict that believed/imagined fame will increase perceived attractiveness.
It is expected that the dimensions of emerging adulthood will be significantly related to perceived stress.
The higher citizens' level of education, the more likely they are to participate in the referendum.
We predict that each of the four types of songs we play to listeners will exhibit a distinct pattern of listener responses.
The source of knowledge weakly predicts the perceived practical value of pedagogical knowledge. 
Populist protest voting led to a rejection of the referendum.
The probability of selecting the incorrect die will be positively associated with the ambiguity of the target cross position.
It is hypothesized that imagining walking in-step with people will significantly increase group cohesion amongst those involved.
First, because peers play such an important role in the adolescent social ecology, our participants will be more inclined to make a risky decision that benefits a peer at the expense of a parent, suggesting that peers are more impactful to adolescents when making decisions.
Math anxiety will be significantly negatively correlated with probabilities knowledge, math calculation fluency and income, and significantly positively correlated with general anxiety and test anxiety.
More realistic stimuli in false belief change-of-location implicit ToM tasks lead to a looking pattern indicating belief processing, measured through greater differential looking scores and significantly more first saccades towards the belief-congruent direction.
The number of contributors will effect the complexity and/or community rating of an image evolved on the Picbreeder website, above and beyond the complexity and/or rating gains made by the total number of iterations alone. Directionality is not predicted. 
We hypothesized that removing the disc we will have a serious degenerative process and a histologic score for high degenerative process. 
We hypothesized that using a biocompatible biomaterial we will obtain a non-degenerative process in TMJ. 
Those in the 'Prepared' condition will also score higher on measures of political conservatism.
There is a positive correlation between deliberate reasoning and willingness to expend either cognitive effort or physical effort.
Plants at higher elevation will have later spring phenology dates and earlier fall phenology dates.
Overall, higher levels of gym attendance are associated with higher academic performance.
Processing abilities improve with age.
Positive prediction errors stemming from both professional sports and sunshine will positively predict subsequent lottery purchase rates in New York City.
In this work we predict that the comprehender's noise model will be sensitive to the types of errors present in the environment.
Our single confirmatory hypothesis is for a main effect of cultural identity to which a target agent might belong.
There will be a positive association between judges' implicit theory of intelligence and the accuracy with which they perceive targets' personalities.
Countries will initiate more military disputes when they are ruled by younger leaders.
Freedom Fund services reduce the rate of misdemeanor convictions.
Freedom Fund services do not increase recidivism.